= Redshares

Redmine plugin to share issues with other users, using readonly or edit permission.


This plugin allows you to share an issue with other users, using readonly or editable permissions. When shared and on issue modification, the shared users will be notified via email.
There are two possible permissions to assign:

- The readonly permission is like a watcher, but the issue is visible for him in the listings.
- The editable permission is like assigning the issue to him, the user has visibility and he can modify the issue.

This is my humble attempt to extend the issue assignment to many users (also adding management of visibility, notification and permissions).

Please feel free to propose fixes, changes and improvements.


== Installation notes

To install the plugin, execute the following commands from the root of your Redmine directory:

First clone from repository (or download pack and extract in plugins folder)
  cd plugins
  git clone https://github.com/jzaiat/redshares
Then, update the database from the root of your Redmine directory:
  cd ..
  rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production
Finally, after the plugin is installed you will need to restart Redmine for the plugin to be available.


== Configuration

- Login to Redmine, go to Administration > Plugins and click in Configure in Redshares plugin. Select which roles issues will be share to.

- Add the module to Administration > Settings > Project > Default enabled modules for new projects, or you can enable it on each project that you need the plugin.

- Configure Redshare module permissions for each role (Administration > Roles and permissions)

Enjoy!
